borg that even witness impact
the engine'
here on the bottom we can see
the command center
and here in the upper part the motu extremely compact mode
the man came in strong
Now I'll show you
like you have access
district Attorney
so I took a prey underneath
and another one up
we go he dies the cover
protection system
see like that
What's the motorcycle like?
the actor extremely
projection system
developed in conjunction with onboard
12 volts
we can observe that the operation of the motor
There is a minimum noise
and by force of law
avoid disturbing lie
of the gate
a motor of the pike in the extremely small area
very compact
and the parade the priest a battery in it
with one more time
driver is a small mind
on the market